Talk from John Gordon

C.V's
Key technical skills - years of experience / last used
Trello, CI (Jenkins), Database (SQL), GCP

Link projects to GitHub , list technologies used in each project

Technical skills gap - there are jobs there, having little experience doesn't mean that companies will not want you!

How you experience as an illustrator/animator has helped you as a coder/technical. Falling into tech, code first girls etc

Linkedin, connect it to GitHub


Networking 
If you want to have multiple containers working together, you can build a network. Eg front end and back end - that way the whole site doesn't have to go down if you're making updates.

Bridge networks - multiple containers on a single host, mapping to ports must be done explicitly 
Overlay networks - docker swarm: Docker allows you to scale your application. Over multiple hosts or virtual machines

Macvlan networks - legacy applications: 

Host networks: Already available and if you want a container to map to port automatically - use this. Only available on Linux hosts running docker.

Bridged Networks
2 types: user defined and default.
The --link flag can be used with docker run command to link it to another container using default bridged network.
It is not recommended to used the default bridged method.

User defined method benefits:
-Isolation from containers that are on the same host but not in the same network

Questions...

1) Could you have up to 8080 different sites running on one IP address because of the ports?
Yes but only useful when in development. When sites are live you only want the end user to be using ports for http/https (80/443)

2) Entrypoint command- what does this do ?
	gives the command for you to do whatever you set out to do in its most explicit form ie using full path names for each part. Eg not just python bu opt/python3/bin/whatever 


3) COPY --from=0 etc etc is that referring to FROM maven command 	or the command before (WORKDIR /opt etc.)
	This is referring to first stage of build, as the developer you want to use that first step to keep on building. (Cake analogy- use an ingredient/layer you've made before)